Add managed execution and automatic-infrastructure push work pool to tutorial (#11444)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/deployments.md

!!! tip "Security Note"
    Another implication of Prefect's deployment interface is our hybrid execution model. Whether you use Prefect Cloud or host a Prefect server instance yourself, you'll always be able to run work flows in the environments best suited to their execution. This model allows you efficient use of your infrastructure resources while maintaining the privacy of your code and data.
    There is no ingress required.
    For more information [read more about our hybrid model](https://www.prefect.io/security/overview/#hybrid-model).

## Next steps

Congratulations! You now have your first working deployment.

> Deploying flows through the `serve` method is the most straight forward way to start scheduling flows with Prefect. However, if your team has more complex infrastructure requirements or you'd like to use Prefect [Managed Execution](/guides/managed-execution/) you can deploy flows to a [work pool](/concepts/work-pools/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying flows through the `serve` method is the most straightforward way to start scheduling flows with Prefect. However, if your team has more complex infrastructure requirements or you'd like to use Prefect [Managed Execution](/guides/managed-execution/) you can deploy flows to a [work pool](/concepts/work-pools/).
```
